<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html>
<head></head>
<body>

	<script>
		(function(i, s, o, g, r, a, m) {
			i['GoogleAnalyticsObject'] = r;
			i[r] = i[r] || function() {
				(i[r].q = i[r].q || []).push(arguments)
			}, i[r].l = 1 * new Date();
			a = s.createElement(o), m = s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];
			a.async = 1;
			a.src = g;
			m.parentNode.insertBefore(a, m)
		})(window, document, 'script', '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js', 'ga');

		ga('create', 'UA-51374622-1', 'sourceforge.net');
		ga('send', 'pageview');
	</script>

	<h2>Use Case Tool</h2>

	<blockquote>
		<p>The tool for writing readable use cases.</p>
	</blockquote>

	<h3>Overview</h3>
	<p style="font-size: 115%">
		Write use cases in <strong>XML</strong> with support from a <strong>provided XSD</strong>. The
		structure promotes the Use Case format described by <a href="http://alistair.cockburn.us/">Alistair
			Cockburn</a>. The tool then <strong>generates</strong> use case documentation in <strong>HTML
			format</strong> with pretty links in-between the pages.
	</p>
	<p style="font-size: 115%">
		The XML sources are treated as a <strong>Maven project</strong>, so you can easily <strong>deploy</strong>
		them to a web server, <strong>version</strong> the source files, manage <strong>history</strong>
		of changes, and <strong>collaborate</strong> in a team.
	</p>
	<p>
		UCTool is <strong>free, open source</strong> product licensed under the business-friendly Apache 2
		license.
	</p>

	<h3>Highlights</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-share"></span> Clickable <strong>HTML links</strong>, that <strong>unfold
				references to sub-use cases</strong>, data structure definitions, etc. This is the single most important
			benefit. It makes the use cases very comprehensible and easy to read.
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-list"></span> <strong>Automatic numbering</strong> of the <strong>use
				case steps</strong> and related <strong>extensions</strong>. The extension numbers and references to
			steps remain consistent even after creating or removing use case steps.
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-check"></span> Well-organized, comprehensible and <strong>consistent
				look</strong> of the analytical outputs, as each item is generated to a common template.
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-globe"></span> <strong>Localization</strong> of the templates is easily
			supported, currently English and Czech are available out-of-the-box.
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-refresh"></span> UCTool can be integrated into enterprise software development
			processes using its <strong>XSD import and export</strong> featues.
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Using standard development tools like Maven and Eclipse also gives you the following:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-user"></span> <strong>Source code control</strong> on the XML source files of
			the use cases (e.g using Git or Subversion). Apart from excellent visibility of <strong>change
				history</strong> of the use cases this effectively enables a <strong>team of analysts</strong> to work on
			the <strong>same use cases</strong> at the <strong>same time</strong>, merging the individual
			modifications, if necessary.
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-tags"></span> <strong>Versioning and releasing</strong> of use cases using
			standard Maven capabilities.
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="icon-arrow-up"></span> <strong>Deployment</strong> of use cases <strong>to
				a web server</strong> using standard Maven capabilities.
		</li>
	</ul>

	<h3>CaseFu - UCTool as a service</h3>
	<p>CaseFu is a service that builds on UCTool and makes it very easy to be used. It let's you:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<strong>Edit</strong> use cases <strong>easily</strong> in an intuitive web app.
		</li>
		<li>
			<strong>Generate output</strong> web site using UCTool under-the-covers on a push of a button.
		</li>
		<li>
			<strong>Publish</strong> this web site for the readers on a public server.
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		<a class="btn btn-success btn-large" href="http://casefu.com/">Go to CaseFu.com &raquo;</a>
	</p>

	<h3>Sample</h3>
	<p>
		Have a look at the <strong>generated use case documentation</strong> for yourself in a sample
		analysis project <strong>created in UCTool</strong>:
	</p>
	<p>
		<a class="btn btn-default btn-large" href="http://uctool.sf.net/uctool-sample/">Go to sample
			analysis &raquo;</a>
	</p>

	<h3>Tutorial</h3>
	<p>
		Read the UCTool <strong>tutorial</strong>:
	</p>
	<p>
		<a class="btn btn-default btn-large" href="./tutorial/index.html">Start tutorial &raquo;</a>
	</p>

	<hr />
	<p>
		UCTool is hosted by Sourceforge.net, see <a class="externalLink"
			href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/uctool/">UCTool at Sourceforge.net</a>.
	</p>
</body>
</html>